Made changes based on Adams suggestions (#13490)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/installation/vault/wan-federation.mdx

    </CodeBlockConfig> 

## Data Integration

> To use Vault as the service mesh certificate provider in Kubernetes, you must complete following data integration actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two main procedures for using Vault as the service mesh certificate provider in Kubernetes.
```
Same here
